hi everybody
it's Brandon from all-american thrills
here and this is our seventh wicked
cyclone construction update at Six Flags
New England from alt air and Mikey Aaron
in this update we take a look at what
new track has gone up since last week's
update the first inversion of wicked
cyclone is now totally in so we're gonna
fly out there we're gonna check that out
because I think it's looking pretty
wicked
so Mike let's go
okay so that wraps up our seventh wicked
cyclone construction update for our next
wicked cyclone construction update as
well as construction updates from other
projects make sure you subscribe to us
here on YouTube like us over on Facebook
at all-american thrills and follow us on
Twitter and Instagram thank you for
watching and thank you Mike irin of
Altair we'll see everyone